---
layout: post
title:  "Unboxing"
author: ray
categories: [ unboxing, tutorial ]
image: assets/images/11_dog.jpg
description: "My review of Inception movie. Acting, plot and something else in this short description."
featured: true
hidden: false
rating: 4.5
---

Welcome to your new PC Ollie! This page has some instructions for what to do when it first arrives.

I've shown Oupa what to do, so make sure he's around when you open it up for the first time.

<p><iframe style="width:100%;" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/1W1tPMQ-3BU?rel=0&amp;showinfo=0" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></p>


## Step 1 - take it out of the box

You'll need some help with this because it's awkward to get it out by yourself. You'll need some space and at least 2 pairs of hands.

## Step 2 - Open up the side of the case

Take the tempered glass side off the case. You'll need a screwdriver to remove the bottom screw - the hand screw there got a bit damaged when the case arrived, so I've just replaced it with a screw so the glass stays in place while it's in Oupa's car.

## Step 3 - open it up and take out the padding

I added some padding between the powersupply and the graphics card because the card is big and I didn't want any 'GPU sag' to break anything while it's on it's way to you. So you need to open up the case and remove the white padding. Replace it with the little black post - that will prevent the GPU sag going forward.

Be careful not to obstruct any of the GPU flags when you set the post in place.

 <video width="100%" controls>
  <source src="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/video/Unboxing1.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video> 

## Step 4 - replace the tempered glass side

Put the side of the case back on. Make sure to take the plastic off the glass so the case looks nice (I've left that in place for you! I've been soooo tempted to take it off myself!)

## Step 5 - plug in all the cables

1. Keyboard
2. Mouse
3. HDMI or display port for the monitor - make sure to plug into the graphics card (closer to the middle of the case) and not the motherboard.
4. Power


## Step 6 - fire it up!

Start he PC and start playing!

## The stuff in the other bag...

 <video width="75%" controls>
  <source src="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/video/Unboxing2.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video> 